# packages in environment at C:\Users\eric\anaconda3\envs\mads_H5PY:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
blosc                     1.21.6               h85f69ea_0    conda-forge
boto3                     1.34.144           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.34.144        pyge310_1234567_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312h53d5487_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h2466b09_7    conda-forge
c-blosc2                  2.15.0               hb461149_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.7.4             h56e8100_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.7.4           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py312he70551f_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.1           py312h0d7def4_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.53.1          py312h4389bb4_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hdaf720e_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.80.3               h7025463_1    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.80.3               h4394cf3_1    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.24.5               hb0a98b8_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.24.5               h5006eae_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.11.0          nompi_py312ha036244_102    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_h2b43c12_105    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 h63175ca_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2023.2.0         h57928b3_50497    conda-forge
jmespath                  1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py312h0d7def4_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               hdf4eb48_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 h67d730c_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h63175ca_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                h63175ca_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0              20_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0              20_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libclang13                18.1.8          default_ha5278ca_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.8.0                hd5e4a3a_1    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.20                 hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                h63175ca_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h8ffe710_5    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.3               h7025463_1    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.11.1          default_h8125262_1000    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hcfcfb64_2    conda-forge
libintl                   0.22.5               h5728263_2    conda-forge
libintl-devel             0.22.5               h5728263_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0              20_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.5                h2466b09_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h19919ed_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               h2466b09_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h7dfc565_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                hddb2be6_3    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h0e60522_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.16                 hcd874cb_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.7               h0f24e4e_3    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h2466b09_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libgfortran     5.3.0                         6    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs            5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs-core       5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gmp                 6.1.0                         2    conda-forge
m2w64-libwinpthread-git   5.0.0.4634.697f757               2    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.9.1           py312h2e8e312_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.9.1           py312h90004f6_0    conda-forge
mkl                       2023.2.0         h6a75c08_50497    conda-forge
msys2-conda-epoch         20160418                      1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.10.0          mkl_py312h295738f_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py312h8753938_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h3d672ee_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.1                h2466b09_1    conda-forge
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.2           py312h72972c8_1    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                h3d7b363_0    conda-forge
pillow                    10.4.0          py312h381445a_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hcd874cb_1001    conda-forge
pthreads-win32            2.9.1                hfa6e2cd_3    conda-forge
py-cpuinfo                9.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.9          py312he09f080_5    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.12.2         py312h53d5487_5    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyh0701188_6    conda-forge
pytables                  3.9.2           py312h3d8899c_3    conda-forge
python                    3.12.3          h2628c8c_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-dotenv             1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    4_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               hc790b64_5    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.8              h06adc49_22    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.5.1           py312h816cc57_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.14.0          py312h1f4e10d_1    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
setuptools                70.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.12          py312h53d5487_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.1                h23299a8_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.2          py312h1a27103_0    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.12.0            hc790b64_3    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h5226925_1    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.1           py312h4389bb4_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
ucrt                      10.0.22621.0         h57928b3_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
vc                        14.3                h8a93ad2_20    conda-forge
vc14_runtime              14.40.33810         ha82c5b3_20    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.40.33810         h3bf8584_20    conda-forge
wheel                     0.43.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
win_inet_pton             1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_6    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hcd874cb_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                hcd874cb_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h8d14728_0    conda-forge
zlib-ng                   2.2.1                he0c23c2_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.22.0          py312h7606c53_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                h0ea2cb4_0    conda-forge
